Ah!
Ha you say
It was my bullet that arrived first
Or your mother arrived first
You are all committing crimes
Aren't you afraid of going to jail?
Hahahaha
I will go to jail
To tell him
Who the hell is this?
Yun Shao's father
But the governor of the northwest
Cloud numbers throughout the Northwest Territories
Can you cover the sky with one hand?
Young people like you
I don't know how much is on my hand
Don't talk about grabbing women
Even if the cloud loses a hair
The whole northwest has to shake three times
People like you.
Who can help you?
Hahahaha
Don't worry.
Your mom won't be the first
Of course it will be the last
This time
I'm going to give the two of us something to die for
reincarnate
Hahaha
Tie him up for me
No, don't let mom come over
I can't be on them
Otherwise, mom will too
You two hurry up and chase
I'll take you two up later